
IMPORTANT [PLEASE READ]: THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE LICENSED TO YOU IS
SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT. BY
CLICKING ON THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON AND DOWNLOADING AND INSTALLING THE
SOFTWARE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND
IT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUNDS BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS STATED IN IT. IF
YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW, YOU ARE NOT
GRANTED PERMISSION TO INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE. YOU SHOULD CLICK ON
THE "DO NOT ACCEPT" BUTTON TO DISCONTINUE THE INSTALLATION PROCESS.


*THIS END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT*, is made and entered into by and
between WEBGAIN, INC., a Delaware corporation having a place of business
at 5425 Stevens Creek Boulevard ("WebGain") and you regarding the JAVA?
COMPILER COMPILER ? SOFTWARE, and accompanying documentation
("Software"). This Agreement shall be effective upon your receipt of the
Software from WebGain ("Effective Date") and shall terminate as provided
below.

1. LICENSE. You are granted a non-exclusive and non-transferable license
for the internal use only of the Software on a single computer or a
network server. You may use the Software as installed on a network
server on clients of that server. You may not make copies of the
Software, other than a single copy of Software for archival purposes in
support of your use of the Software, provided that you reproduce all
copyright and other proprietary notices that are on the original copy of
the Software.

2. SAMPLE GRAMMARS. You may modify the sample grammars provided with the
Software to develop derivatives solely of such sample grammars ("Sample
Grammar Derivatives"), and sublicense the Sample Grammar Derivatives
directly or indirectly to your customers.

3. DEVELOPED PROGRAMS. You may use the Software to develop and generate
your own software program(s); provided such software programs can be
compiled separately and function independently from the Software (the
"Developed Programs"). You will own any Developed Programs.

4. INDEMNIFICATION . You agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend
WebGain, its licensors, and the affiliated companies, and the employees,
officers, directors and agents of each of them from and against any
claims or suits, including attorneys' fees, which arise or result from
(i) any use or distribution of Sample Grammar Derivatives and/or
Developed Programs; (ii) use of the Software in combination with any
equipment, software or data not provided by WebGain; (iii) modifications
of the Software; (iv) use of the Software outside of the scope of this
Agreement; or (v) use of any allegedly infringing version of the
Software if the alleged infringement could be avoided by use of a
different version made available to you. If the Software is found to
infringe or in WebGain's reasonable opinion is likely to be subject to a
claim of infringement, WebGain may elect to :(i) obtain for you the
right to use the Software; (ii) replace or modify the Software so that
it becomes non-infringing; or (iii) if neither alternative is reasonably
available, terminate the license to use the Software. This Section
states the entire liability of WebGain and your exclusive remedies for
actual or anticipated claims of infringement.

5. RESTRICTIONS. The Software is confidential and copyrighted. You may
not use, copy, modify, or transfer the Software, or any copy thereof, in
whole or in part, except as expressly provided for in this Agreement.
You may not modify, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or
translate the Software, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code
of the Software, except as allowed by law. Any attempt to transfer any
of the rights, duties, or obligations hereunder is void. You may not
rent, lease, loan, resell for profit, or distribute the Software, or any
part of the Software. You may not use the Software to process data for
any third party or for service bureau activity.

The Software is not designed or licensed for use in on-line control of
aircraft, air traffic, or navigation or aircraft communications; or in
the design, construction, operation or maintenance of any nuclear
facility. You warrant that you will not use the Software for these
purposes. You may not publish or provide the results of any benchmark or
comparison test run on Software to any third party without the prior
written consent of WebGain or its licensors.

No right, title or interest in or to any trademark, service mark, logo
of WebGain, Sun Microsystems, Inc. ("Sun") or any of their respective
licensors is granted under this Agreement.

6. OWNERSHIP. The Software is licensed, not sold, to you for use only
under the terms of this Agreement, and WebGain and/or its licensors
reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.

7. CONFIDENTIALITY. The Software is confidential and proprietary
information of WebGain and/or its licensors. You agree to take adequate
steps to protect the Software from unauthorized disclosure or use.

8. TERM. This Agreement is effective until terminated. This Agreement
will immediately and automatically terminate without notice to you if
you fail to comply with any material term or condition of this
Agreement. You agree upon termination to promptly destroy the Software
and all copies. You may terminate this Agreement at any time by
destroying all copies of Software.

9. PAYMENTS. The Software is being licensed at no charge to you.

10. NO WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS" WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.

WEBGAIN EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES REGARDING THE SOFTWARE,
INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION
OF ADVICE GIVEN BY WEBGAIN, ITS EMPLOYEES, DISTRIBUTORS, DEALERS,
LICENSORS OR AGENTS SHALL INCREASE THE SCOPE OF THE ABOVE WARRANTIES OR
CREATE ANY NEW WARRANTIES. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE RELIED ON NO
WARRANTIES AND THAT NO WARRANTIES ARE MADE BY ANY OF WEBGAIN'S LICENSORS.

11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY REMEDY SET FORTH
HEREIN FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OR OTHERWISE, IN NO EVENT WILL
WEBGAIN OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY
LOST REVENUE, LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR
OTHER SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF
ANY KIND WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF THE
USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR ANY DATA SUPPLIED THEREWITH,
EVEN IF WEBGAIN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR
DAMAGE AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES ARE FORESEEABLE.

12. GOVERNMENT USER. The Software is provided with restricted rights.

RESTRICTED RIGHTS LEGEND

With respect to any acquisition of the Software by or for any unit or
agency of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the Software shall be
classified as "commercial computer software", as that term is defined in
the applicable provisions of the Federal Acquisition Regulation("FAR")
and supplements thereto, including the Department of Defense (DoD) FAR
Supplement ("DFARS"). If the Software is supplied for use by the DoD,
the Software is delivered subject to the terms of this Agreement and
either: (i) in accordance with DFARS 227.7202-1(a) and227.7202-3(a), or
(ii) with restricted rights in accordance with
DFARS252.227-7013(c)(1)(ii)(OCT 1988), as applicable. If the Software is
supplied for use by a Federal agency other than the DoD, the Software is
restricted computer software delivered subject to the terms of this
Agreement and (i) FAR 12.212(a); (ii) FAR 52.227-19; or (iii)
FAR52.227-14(ALT III), as applicable.

Sun Microsystems, Inc, 2550 Garcia Avenue, Mountain View, CA 94043.

13. EXPORT LAW. You acknowledge and agree that the Software may be
subject to control imposed by the United States Export Administration
Act and the regulations thereunder (the "Act") as well as the applicable
laws of other countries. You agree and certify that neither the Software
nor any direct product thereof is being or will be acquired, shipped,
transferred or re-exported, directly or indirectly, to a national of
Thailand, People's Republic of China, Commonwealth of Independent
States, Croatia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania, Slovak
Republic, Slovenia, Laos, Cambodia, People's Republic of Vietnam,
Borneo, Papua/New Guinea, Taiwan, Malaysia, India, Cuba, Iran, Iraq,
Libya, North Korea, Rwanda, Syria, or Sudan or other South American
countries and African countries and any other country prohibited by the
Act and the regulations thereunder or will be used for any purpose
prohibited by the same, unless specifically authorized by U.S.
regulations, including, but not limited to, the Export Administration
Regulations ("EAR") or by a license issued by the U.S. Government. You
will not re-export the Software you receive under this Agreement to any
party involved in sensitive or unguarded nuclear activities, or
activities related to chemical or biological weapons or missiles unless
authorized by the EAR or a license for the U.S. Department of Commerce.

These obligations survive the termination of this Agreement.

14. GENERAL. Any action related to this Agreement will be governed by
California law and controlling U.S. federal law, and the United Nations
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the
choice of law rules of any jurisdiction shall not apply. If any
provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, that provision
will be removed and the remaining provisions will remain in full force,
unless removal would frustrate the intent of the parties, in which case
this Agreement will immediately terminate. This Agreement is the
complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between the parties
which supersedes any proposal or prior agreement, oral or written, and
any other communications between the parties in relation to the subject
matter of this Agreement. No modification of this Agreement will be
binding, unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of
each party.

Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun Logo, Java, Java Compiler Compiler, and
all Java-based marks are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun
Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.

THE SOFTWARE AND ACCOMPANYING USER DOCUMENTATION ARE PROTECTED BY UNITED
STATES COPYRIGHT LAW AND INTERNATIONAL TREATY. UNAUTHORIZED REPRODUCTION
OR DISTRIBUTION IS SUBJECT TO CIVIL AND CRIMINAL PENALTIES.

BY CLICKING ON THE BUTTON BELOW, YOU HEREBY AGREES TO THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.




